1. You arranged to go to the cinema with your friend George on Friday evening, but now you aren’t free. Write an email:

Hi geogre,
I am really sorry,but i can not go to the cinema with you on friday evening because i will be working that day.i hope we can meet and go to the cinema together another time.
Thank you and sorry again,
Tam.


2 You went to a new café last weekend and you want to go there again with your friend, Jenna. Write a text message to Jenna. 
in your text message you should

Hi Jenna,
I went to a nice new café last weekend.The place was quiet and comfortable. The coffee was very good, but what I liked most was the cakes—they were delicious!  Are you free on Friday? Let’s go together!

Tam

3.3. You have just got back from holiday. Write an email to your friend 
Hi Tom,
I’ve just got back from my holiday in Nha Trang. It was amazing! The beaches were beautiful, and I loved the food. The people were friendly, too. Would you like to see my photos? I can email them to you if you want.
Tam


100 từ
1 .We had a big family party last weekend.... how do you think I could improve things with my family? 
Now write an email: 

Hi Nam,
I’m sorry to hear about your problems with your family. I usually get on really well with my parents, although we don’t agree about everything and sometimes have arguments. I’ve only got one brother, and we are very different. We don’t have much in common, but I’m fond of him and we don’t often argue. I think you should avoid serious discussions with your dad if you never agree. Little sisters can be difficult, but just be patient. I’m sure you’ll get on better when she grows up.
Take care and write soon,
Tam

2.Your teacher has asked you to write a story. Your story must begin with this sentence.
I saw the advert for a talent show and decided to apply.
Write your story?

I saw the advert for a talent show and decided to apply. At first, I was very nervous because I had never performed in front of so many people. My talent was singing, and I practiced every evening after school. On the day of the show, my hands were shaking, but when the music started, I forgot my fear. The audience listened quietly, and at the end they clapped loudly. I felt so proud and happy. Even though I didn’t win first prize, I gained confidence and made new friends. It was an experience I will never forget.

3.Your teacher has asked you to write a story. This is the title for your story: 
A new home.Write your story?
A new home

Last month, I went to visit my brother in his new flat. He has moved in a week before and had invited me for dinner.
When I arrived at the large apartment building, I rang the bell of the flat on the third floor, but no one answered. First, I thought he was out, so I decided to wait. Then, after an hour, I began to get check his address. I couldn’t believe it- he lived on the fourth floor!
I went upstairs immediately. Luckily, my brother and his flatmates found it funny, and we enjoyed a lovely dinner together.




